Migrate Docker compose override topic (#1079)
astronomer/docs: astro/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

5. Open the `requirements.txt` and `packages.txt` files for your project and add the package references you removed in step 1.

## Override the CLI's Docker Compose file

> The Astro CLI is built on top of [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/), which is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. To override the CLI's default Docker Compose configurations, add a `docker-compose.override.yml` file to your Astro project. These values are applied whenever you run `astro dev start` or `astro dev restart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astro CLI is built on top of [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/), which is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. To enhance the local development experience, the Astro CLI applies a set of default configurations specific to running Airflow components. For advanced use cases, you may need to override default configurations. For example:

- Adding extra containers to mimic services that your Airflow environment needs to interact with locally, such as an SFTP server.
- Change the volumes mounted to any of your local containers.
 
To override default configurations:

1. See the Astro CLI's [Docker Compose file](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli/blob/main/airflow/include/composeyml.go) (`composeyml.go`) and determine one or more configurations to override.
2. Add a `docker-compose.override.yml` file to your Astro project.
3. Specify your new configuration values in `docker-compose.override.yml` file in the exact same format as `composeyml.go` in Astro CLI.
```

- Adding some language here to set context for what this thing does and why you might want to do this (even if vaguely)
- Reframed this entire section to be more specifically actionable and step-by-step, keeping the example below

Author: Updated the intro here slightly because I'm not sure the compose file "enhances the local dev experience". The file is essential to running local Airflow at all, so I wouldn't frame it as some sort of enhancing benefit.

> To see what values you can override, reference the CLI's [Docker Compose file](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli/blob/main/airflow/include/composeyml.go). Common use cases for Docker Compose overrides include:
> 
> - Adding extra containers to mimic services that your Airflow environment needs to interact with locally, such as an SFTP server.
> - Change the volumes mounted to any of your local containers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd just take this out in favor of clearer steps above

For example, to add another volume mount for a directory named `custom_dependencies`, add the following to your `docker-compose.override.yml` file:

```yaml
version: "3.1"
services:
  scheduler:
    volumes:
      - /home/astronomer_project/custom_dependencies:/usr/local/airflow/custom_dependencies:ro
```

Make sure to specify `version: "3.1"` and follow the format of the source code file linked above.

To see your override file live in your local Airflow environment, run the following command to see the file in your scheduler container:

```sh
astro dev bash --scheduler "ls -al"

> ```

Reviewer: Could add to step above or add a new section?
